Added note about record type (#5352)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/sagas/index.md

snippet: simple-saga-data

> NOTE: With .NET 5 the immutable type `record` was introduced. The type can be used, except for properties that need to be immutable. Serializers will not be able to deserialize data into the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: .NET 5 `record` types can't be used for properties that need to be mutable since it would prevent serializers to deserialize the saga data when loaded from storage.
```

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: If a saga property is a [record type](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/record), that record type must be mutable so it can be deserialized.
```
